feat(containers): add timeout to health check concept (#6710)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/concepts.mdx

## Health check

Serverless Containers supports two types of health checks:

> * Startup probe (optional, not yet available in the Scaleway console): verifies that your application has successfully started. Until this probe succeeds, the liveness probe is not executed. This is useful for applications with a long startup time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Startup probe (optional, not yet available in the Scaleway console): checks that your application has started successfully. The liveness probe does not run until the startup probe succeeds. This is useful for applications with a long startup time.
```

> * Liveness probe: verifies that your application is ready to receive traffic. This probe will check the health of your application. If it fails repeatedly, the container is considered in error. (the container will not be restarted, but the traffic will not be routed to it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Liveness probe: checks that your application is ready to receive traffic. If the probe fails repeatedly, the container is considered in error: Scaleway does not restart the container, but stops routing traffic to it
```

Both probe types share the same configuration options:

> - The **probe type** defines the type of check to perform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Probe type**: defines the type of check to perform.
```

>     - The **TCP** probe will check if the TCP connection of your Serverless Container is opened on the specified port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The **TCP** probe checks whether the TCP connection of your Serverless Container is open on the specified port.
```

>     - The **HTTP** probe allows you to define a custom path to your Serverless Container. It can be useful to check if all requirements are met, such as the connection to the database, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The **HTTP** probe lets you define a custom path to your Serverless Container. Use it to check that all requirements are met, such as the connection to the database.
```

> - The **failure threshold** corresponds to the maximum number of checks that can fail before declaring the Serverless Container in error. Defaults to 30 for liveness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Failure threshold**: the maximum number of checks that can fail before declaring the Serverless Container in error. Defaults to 30 for liveness probe.
```

> - The **interval** corresponds to the duration in seconds between every check. Defaults to 10 seconds for liveness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Interval**: the duration in seconds between every check. Defaults to 10 seconds for liveness probe.
```

> - The **timeout** corresponds to the maximum amount of time to wait for a check to complete. If the check does not complete within this time, it is considered failed. Defaults to 1 second for liveness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Timeout** the maximum amount of time to wait for a check to complete. If the check does not complete within this time, it is considered failed. Defaults to 1 second for liveness probe.
```

> - The **path** (HTTP probe type only) corresponds to the endpoint to call your Serverless Container (example: `/health`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Path** (HTTP probe type only): the endpoint to call your Serverless Container (example: `/health`).
```

### Additional information for the startup probe

> - Your application must listen on all network interfaces (`0.0.0.0`) for the startup probe to succeed. For example, if your application listens on port `8080`, it should bind to `0.0.0.0:8080` rather than `127.0.0.1:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application must listen on all network interfaces (`0.0.0.0`) for the startup probe to succeed. For example, if your application listens on port `8080`, it should bind to `0.0.0.0:8080` rather than `127.0.0.1:8080`.
```

### How many times can a health check fail before the container is considered in error? 

The maximum time before a container enters the `error` state depends on the configured **interval** and **failure threshold**:

> For example, with the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with the following configuration, the container enters the `error` state after **300 seconds (5 minutes)** of consecutive failed health checks:
```

- **Interval:** 30 seconds
- **Failure threshold:** 10

> the container will enter the `error` state after **300 seconds (5 minutes)** of consecutive failed health checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
